OK, so the final piece of the puzzle for the profile screen is for us to add a logout functionality.
OK, so here in the view model, I want to create a function on logout.
OK, and here I want to set everything or reset every, every piece of data that I have here in the
view model.
So I'm going to say asked Dot.
Sign out, then sign then.
Dot value equals false.
OK, I'm going to set user data, dot value equals no.
OK and pop up notification, that value is going to be an event.
That will say logged out.
OK, so that's pretty much it for the function.
Now let's go back to our profile screen and we will update the call for the log.
OK, so on logout here.
We will simply call the M Dot on logout, so that basically should solve our problem.
And then once we logout, actually, we need to navigate to some other screen.
So here I'm going to say navigate to nav controller.
And destination screen dot logging.
So I want to navigate to the log in screen, so that should be basically enough.
Let's go ahead and run and test our application and see if they log out functionality works as expected.
OK, so I'm in my mind post page then in the profile, and if I click logout, I am logged out and sent
back to the log in screen.
And if I try to log in again, John at gmail.com one two three four five six, log in and then I'm sent
back to my post page and then to profile.
So that kind of completes the authentication loop.
We have a log out functionality now as well, and we have profile or user information and the ability
to update that as we want.
So that's it.
Thank you for watching so far, and I will see you in the next video.